>> Mike North: The last thing
that I want to point out,
I say this because one of our attributes
of progressive web apps is that they
should be linkable and they should be
rich and discoverable when we search for
them and
when they show up in search results.
Schema.org metadata and
you can take the SEO Frontend Masters
course if you want to
dive deeper into this.
But the idea is either we can add
attributes to our existing HTML or
we can put script tags,
which is just a way of placing
inert information into our HTML.
It's not visible in any way to the user.
It comes at almost no cost.
But we can just drop this in often into
the same components that are used for
things that we wanna kind of
give machines clues about.
So if we had a list of
groceries on a page,
we might wanna represent them
as a product with a price.
And that means you have a much better shot
of a search engine potentially rolling out
an update that says, okay, well if we find
products, now those are shopping result.
And we'll show the product image and
the price, and a link there.
And that's, as opposed to a generic
search result, where it's like,
here's a web page sir,
ma'am and a description of it.
The metadata will almost always work for
you and improve engagement.
And that is what our next exercise
is all about, enhancing the app and
making it look kind of like a native app.